
I will give the Freesounds id of each sample in order to make it easy to identify




*Trumpet(id: 81822):
I want to see if it correctly classifies trumpet, so I take this new sound, which is a trumpet, but with reverb and FX, and filtered.
It classified as Cello!
So this didn't work. My guess is that the centroid of this sound is also pretty low, so it will classify as Cello. Maybe I should include more diverse samples in my training data, in order to make it more robust...


*Crash(id:344266): 
I use this sound of broken glass, which to me it should be classified as naobo, because it is much more similar(it is high frequency, has attach, is more inharmonic)
I gets classified as naobo!


*Cello bow(id:68452)
Actually, this is the sound of two bow string(or two string in a single instrument), could be cello, or could be viola or even violin.
I correctly classifies to Cello!
The model correctly classifies it. I thnk there were some training examples with very similar timbre and pitch to this test sample


*Drum Ride(id: 41941)
This is a ride cymbal from a drumset. I should be classified as naomo, as it is high and percussive.
It classifies correctly as Naomo!
In this case, the spectral centroid and the attack (descriptor [0,3], k=3) work well in making a good model. 
 


* Guitar (id: 91199):
First I want to try guitar, so I take 1 sounds from Freesounds. After some trial and error with the search, I get a correct guitar sound.
Later I classify the sound, according to the successful model I got in the previous task (descriptors [0,3], and k=3).
The guitar is classified as Cello! This could be, maybe because the spectral centroid is lower than trumpet and naobo. I was not sure if it were to classify as cello (because of spectral centroid) or naobo (because it has strong attack).
 
I will also try now, adding all the mfcc descriptors (descriptors [0,3,11,12,13,14,15,16], and k=3), and it is also classified as 'Cello'. I think it is because overall, the sound is more similar to Cello than the other (trumpet and naobo)
